I heard they recently introduced glass coffins. Will they be good? Remains to be seen. 4
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now. 1
I was fired from my job making calendars. All I did was take a day off. 3
What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind? A maybe. 0
I broke my hand the other day, but on the other hand I'm fine. 1
How do you throw a party in space? You planet. 0
Someone tried to sell me a burial plot, and I thought "that's the last thing I need!". 3
Some people have trouble sleeping. I could do it with my eyes closed. 2
I'm on a seafood diet. Whenever I see food, I eat it. 2, food
Horses make bad dancers. They have two left feet. 1
What did one flag say to the other? Nothing, it just waved. 1
Did you hear about the scarecrow that won an award? He was outstanding in his field. 2
I'm reading a book about glue. I can't put it down. 1
The shovel was a ground breaking invention. 3
I'd make a joke about paper, but it's tearable. 1
I got my looks from my father. Mostly dissapointment. 4
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do. 2
They say money talks, but mine just says goodbye. 1, money
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around. 4
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure. 2
A termite walks in to a tavern and says "is the bar tender here?". 0
Build a man a fire and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life. 4
A man knocked on my door and asked for a donation to the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water. 4
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in your shoes. That way you'll be a mile away and have their shoes. 2
My girlfriend complains that I never listen to her. At least I think that's what she says. 1
A blunt sword is pointless. 3
I had a brief career in theater before I was fired. I left without making a scene. 2
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care. 1
A cow that doesn't produce milk is an udder failure. 2
I'm starting a new form of resistance training. I'm refusing to excercise. 1
Despite the high cost of living, it remains a popular choice. 2
Let me be frank with you. I don't care for my name. 2
Did you hear about the guy who was arrested for his speach imdeiment? He got a tough sentence. 3
A book fell on my head the other day, but I only have my shelf to blame. 0 
Geology rocks, but geography is where it's at. 1
My weapons dealer is a halfling, but he only sells small arms. 1
My friend's bakery burned down and now his business is toast. 2
Always pay your exorcist or you'll be repossessed. 4
Did you hear about the cannibal who showed up late to the feast. He got the cold shoulder. 2
What's brown and sticky? A stick. 1
I once knew a artist that was also a fighter. She didn't always win, but she always drew blood. 2
The best way to identify a dogwood tree is by the bark. 0
Why did the old man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well. 3
I used to hate facial hair, but it grew on me. 2
